Part 3 - Getting Started<br/>
In order to effectively hack your switch on virtually any currently available firmware, you need the following items and software<br/>
<br/>
1. An RCM Jig<br/>
This is the most important part. Without the classic jig, you can't force the RCM mode that is the core of Switch hacking. Some people can get creative by bending a paper clip or tinfoil, but for noobs, this is not recommended since the small "pins" in the right Joy-Con slot are incredibly difficult to see, and if you accidentally trip what's known as "Pin 7", you will instantly brick your switch. Some people luck out by being able to 3d print them, but for everyone else, they go for dirt cheap on Amazon for between $3 and $7.<br/>
<br/>
2. USB-C Cord or Portable Payload Injector<br/>
Just as important as the jig, you can't activate Custom Firmware without performing what's known as a "payload injection", which can only be applied from an outside data source. There are currently two methods of injection that are recommended. One is to use a USB-C cord paired the program TegraRCMGUI(LINK HERE) and a payload that matches your firmware of choice. The other is to order a portable payload injector from a site like Amazon or Ebay and have the payload file on there. At the moment, the best portable injector is the "NX Atmosphere"(LINK HERE) since it is much more up to date and universal than lesser models, which at the moment is SX OS or Xecuter". For a truly untethered experience, use a portable injector.<br/>
<br/>
3. Micro SD Card<br/>
Most switch owners have this already, but if you're truly looking to maximize your gaming experience, it's recommended that you have at last a 128 Micro SD Card since performing a base NAND backup is at minimum 30 GB. Also, when you install your games, you need space for the installation file and the installed game, which hits you for double space until you remove the installation file. However, if you must settle for less, your bare minimum is a 64 GB card. Your SD Card will be the heart and soul of your hacking experience, so make sure you get a quality brand because while they all may look alike, cheaper brands don't always support larger files. The best brands are SanDisk and Samsung. Also, if you want to be guaranteed a quality card from an online site, use Amazon since there are far too many scammers on sites like eBay and Aliexpress. It's far too easy for people to slip you a lesser card and pass it off as a quality brand.<br/>
4a. Custom Firmware (Warning)<br/>
This one is important, because there is currently a major battle going on for CFW supremacy when it comes to hacking. At the moment, two previously high-end CFWs have already been debunked because of advances in hacking technology. They are SX and Xecuter. SX used to be on top, but they have been known to charge for their CFW program. If you have to pay money for a hacking program, YOU ARE BEING SCAMMED. And like SX, Xecuter has been known to based off of pure piracy. While it may seem redundant to call hacking "piracy", there is definitely a difference between modding "honestly" and modding through "pirated" means. The only items you should ever have to pay for is your USB-C cord/payload injector, your jig if you don't make your own, and your Micro SD Card, all of which are pure hardware.<br/>
<br/>
4b. Custom Firmware (Real)<br/>
Anyway, the more "honest" way to use CFW is to geta more well-known, free and "honest" brand, which at the moment there are four of, each one addressing and applying different benefits of hacking to your Switch. [ReiNX](https://github.com/Reisyukaku/ReiNX/releases, [RajNX](https://switchtools.sshnuke.net/), [Atmosphere](https://github.com/Atmosphere-NX/Atmosphere/releases/latest)
, and "SD Files Switched" (real name). Depending on your current official firmware, each brand has different benefits and bonuses that modify your system process and either benefit or hinder the overall processes. Every one of these CFWs is currently active in development and performance, so there will always be room to improve for each one that we will inform you as soon as we know something.<br/>
<br/>

